PyTorch: From Centralized To Federated (#531)
adap/flower: doc/source/example-pytorch-from-centralized-to-federated.rst

        return loss, accuracy

After defining the data loader, training and evaluation we can start to centrally train the CIFAR-10 dataset as you may have done it before.

.. code-block:: python

    def main():
        DEVICE = torch.device("cuda:0" if torch.cuda.is_available() else "cpu")
        print("Central PyTorch Training")
        print("Load data")
        trainloader, testloader = load_data()
        print("Start training")
        train(net=Net(), trainloader=trainloader, epochs=2, device=DEVICE)
        print("Start Testing")
        loss, accuracy = test(net=Net(), testloader=testloader, device=DEVICE)
        print("Loss: ", loss)
        print("Accuracy: ", accuracy)

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        main()

You can now run your machine learning workload with:

.. code-block:: python

    python3 cifar.py

Federated Training
------------------

The concept of centralized learning as shown in the previous section is known for most of you and many of you have set it up already. Normally, if you want to run machine learning workloads federated you have to change your complete code and set up everything from scratch. This is quite a big effort. 

> However, if you use Flower you can keep your code and put Flower on top. You can play around with federated learning setups without destroying your actual pre-existing code.

Reviewer: Just an idea. How about:

```suggestion
However, with Flower you can evolve your pre-existing code into a federated learning setup without the need for a major rewrite.
```

Our example consists of one *server* and two *clients*. Let's set up :code:`server.py` first. The *server* needs to import the Flower package :code:`flwr`.
Next, we use the :code:`start_server` function to start a server and tell it to perform three rounds of federated learning.

.. code-block:: python

    import flwr as fl

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        fl.server.start_server(config={"num_rounds": 3})

We can already start the *server*:

.. code-block:: python

    python3 server.py

Finally, we will define our *client* logic in :code:`client.py` and build upon the previously defined centralized training in :code:`cifar.py`.
Our *client* needs to import :code:`flwr`, but also :code:`torch` to update the paramters on our PyTorch model:

.. code-block:: python

    from collections import OrderedDict
    from typing import Dict, List, Tuple

    import numpy as np
    import torch

    import cifar
    import flwr as fl

    DEVICE: str = torch.device("cuda:0" if torch.cuda.is_available() else "cpu")

Implementing a Flower *client* basically means implementing a subclass of either :code:`flwr.client.Client` or :code:`flwr.client.NumPyClient`.

> Our implementation will be based on :code:`flwr.client.NumPyClient` and we'll call it :code:`CifarClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our implementation will be based on :code:`flwr.client.NumPyClient` and we'll call it :code:`CifarClient`. As a side note the NumPyClient helps avoiding some boilerplate code which is required in many cases.
```

            return self.get_parameters(), len(self.trainloader)

        def evaluate(
            self, parameters: List[np.ndarray], config: Dict[str, str]
        ) -> Tuple[int, float, float]:
            # Set model parameters, evaluate model on local test dataset, return result
            self.set_parameters(parameters)
            loss, accuracy = cifar.test(self.model, self.testloader, device=DEVICE)
            return len(self.testloader), float(loss), float(accuracy)

All that's left to do it to define a function that loads both model and data, creates a :code:`CifarClient`, and starts this client.
You load your data and model by using :code:`cifar.py`. Start :code:`CifarClient` with the function :code:`fl.client.start_numpy_client()` by pointing it at the same IP adress we used in :code:`server.py`: 

.. code-block:: python

    def main() -> None:
        """Load data, start CifarClient."""

        # Load model and data
        model = cifar.Net()
        model.to(DEVICE)
        trainloader, testloader = cifar.load_data()

        # Start client
        client = CifarClient(model, trainloader, testloader)

>         fl.client.start_numpy_client("[::]:8080", client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        fl.client.start_numpy_client("0.0.0.0:8080", client)
```
